TODO.md, before:

# TODO

- [x] Type to overwrite
- [x] space to clear
- [x] Highlight conflicts
- [x] highlight focus cell
- [x] Dark Mode / Light Mode switcher
- [x] Title
- [x] Author
- [x] Description
- [x] colors (x9) + neutrals (x3)
- [ ] Corner digits (x4)
- [ ] Center digits (1-9)
- [ ] Colorblind Mode(s)
- [ ] Undo (Ctrl/Cmd+Z)
- [ ] Notes
- [ ] Rotate
- [ ] Flip
- [ ] Mirror
- [ ] Reset
- [ ] a11y / aria
- [ ] Unit Tests
- [ ] Integration Tests
- [ ] Export
- [ ] Import
- [ ] LongURL
- [ ] ShortURL
- [ ] E2E Tests
- [ ] Randomize (with constraints)
- [ ] Performance-aware worker values
- [ ] Constraints:
  - [ ] Diagonal +
  - [ ] Diagonal -
  - [ ] Anti-Knight
  - [ ] Anti-King
  - [ ] Disjoint Groups
  - [ ] Nonconsecutive
- [ ] Features:
  - [ ] Given Digit (?)
  - [ ] Regions
- [ ] Constraint Tools:
  - [ ] Extra Region
  - [ ] Odd
  - [ ] Even
  - [ ] Thermometer
  - [ ] Palindrome
  - [ ] Killer Cage
  - [ ] Litter Killer Sum
  - [ ] Sandwich Sum
  - [ ] Difference
  - [ ] Ratio
  - [ ] Ratio (negative constraint)
  - [ ] Clone
  - [ ] Arrow
  - [ ] Between Line
  - [ ] Minimum
  - [ ] Maximum
  - [ ] XV
  - [ ] XV (negative constraint)
  - [ ] Quadruple
- [ ] Cosmetic Tools:
  - [ ] Text:
    - [ ] Placement (cell, border, corner, outside, auto)
    - [ ] Size
    - [ ] Angle
    - [ ] Color
  - [ ] Circle:
    - [ ] Placement (cell, border, corner, outside, auto)
    - [ ] Width
    - [ ] Height
    - [ ] Angle
    - [ ] Colors (base, outline, text)
  - [ ] Rectangle:
    - [ ] Placement (cell, border, corner, outside, auto)
    - [ ] Width
    - [ ] Height
    - [ ] Angle
    - [ ] Colors (base, outline, text)
  - [ ] Line:
    - [ ] Width
    - [ ] Color
  - [ ] Cage:
    - [ ] Colors (outline, text)
- [ ] Language:
  - [ ] English
  - [ ] Chinese (simplified)
  - [ ] Chinese (traditional)
  - [ ] Spanish
  - [ ] Arabic
  - [ ] Hindi
  - [ ] Portuguese
  - [ ] Russian
  - [ ] Japanese
  - [ ] German
  - [ ] French
  - [ ] Korean
  - [ ] Italian
  - [ ] Turkish
  - [ ] Persian (Farsi)
  - [ ] Indonesian (Bahasa)
  - [ ] Thai
  - [ ] Vietnamese
  - [ ] Polish
  - [ ] Dutch
  - [ ] Hebrew
  - [ ] Ukrainian
  - [ ] Bengali
  - [ ] Romanian
  - [ ] Swedish
- [ ] Numerals:
  - [ ] Arabic
  - [ ] Roman
  - [ ] Eastern Arabic
  - [ ] Persian variant
  - [ ] Devanagari
  - [ ] Chinese
  - [ ] Chinese (complex)
  - [ ] Bengali
  - [ ] Tamil
  - [ ] Thai
  - [ ] Burmese
  - [ ] Khmer
  - [ ] Lao
  - [ ] Hebrew
  - [ ] Georgian
  - [ ] Greek
  - [ ] Gujarati
  - [ ] Sino-Korean
  - [ ] Native Korean
  - [ ] Kanji
  - [ ] Mayan
  - [ ] Binary
  - [ ] Alphabet (A-I)

Commit message:

Refactor SudokuBoard into smaller components

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

- [x] Type to overwrite
- [x] space to clear
- [x] Highlight conflicts
- [x] highlight focus cell
- [x] Dark Mode / Light Mode switcher
- [x] Title
- [x] Author
- [x] Description
- [x] colors (x9) + neutrals (x3)
- [x] Corner digits (x4)
- [x] Center digits (1-9)
- [ ] Claude Improvements:
  - [x] Refactor SudokuBoard.jsx into smaller components.
  - [ ] Implement basic integration tests for core functionality.
  - [ ] Create Cell and Board classes to encapsulate data and logic.
  - [x] Set up ESLint and Prettier for code consistency.
  - [ ] Add unit tests for utility functions and new classes.
- [ ] Colorblind Mode(s)
- [ ] Undo (Ctrl/Cmd+Z)
- [ ] Notes
- [ ] Rotate
- [ ] Flip
- [ ] Mirror
- [ ] Reset
- [ ] a11y / aria
- [ ] Unit Tests
- [ ] Integration Tests
- [ ] Export
- [ ] Import
- [ ] LongURL
- [ ] ShortURL
- [ ] E2E Tests
- [ ] Randomize (with constraints)
- [ ] Performance-aware worker values
- [ ] Constraints:
  - [ ] Diagonal +
  - [ ] Diagonal -
  - [ ] Anti-Knight
  - [ ] Anti-King
  - [ ] Disjoint Groups
  - [ ] Nonconsecutive
- [ ] Features:
  - [ ] Given Digit (?)
  - [ ] Regions
- [ ] Constraint Tools:
  - [ ] Extra Region
  - [ ] Odd
  - [ ] Even
  - [ ] Thermometer
  - [ ] Palindrome
  - [ ] Killer Cage
  - [ ] Litter Killer Sum
  - [ ] Sandwich Sum
  - [ ] Difference
  - [ ] Ratio
  - [ ] Ratio (negative constraint)
  - [ ] Clone
  - [ ] Arrow
  - [ ] Between Line
  - [ ] Minimum
  - [ ] Maximum
  - [ ] XV
  - [ ] XV (negative constraint)
  - [ ] Quadruple
- [ ] Cosmetic Tools:
  - [ ] Text:
    - [ ] Placement (cell, border, corner, outside, auto)
    - [ ] Size
    - [ ] Angle
    - [ ] Color
  - [ ] Circle:
    - [ ] Placement (cell, border, corner, outside, auto)
    - [ ] Width
    - [ ] Height
    - [ ] Angle
    - [ ] Colors (base, outline, text)
  - [ ] Rectangle:
    - [ ] Placement (cell, border, corner, outside, auto)
    - [ ] Width
    - [ ] Height
    - [ ] Angle
    - [ ] Colors (base, outline, text)
  - [ ] Line:
    - [ ] Width
    - [ ] Color
  - [ ] Cage:
    - [ ] Colors (outline, text)
- [ ] Language:
  - [ ] English
  - [ ] Chinese (simplified)
  - [ ] Chinese (traditional)
  - [ ] Spanish
  - [ ] Arabic
  - [ ] Hindi
  - [ ] Portuguese
  - [ ] Russian
  - [ ] Japanese
  - [ ] German
  - [ ] French
  - [ ] Korean
  - [ ] Italian
  - [ ] Turkish
  - [ ] Persian (Farsi)
  - [ ] Indonesian (Bahasa)
  - [ ] Thai
  - [ ] Vietnamese
  - [ ] Polish
  - [ ] Dutch
  - [ ] Hebrew
  - [ ] Ukrainian
  - [ ] Bengali
  - [ ] Romanian
  - [ ] Swedish
- [ ] Numerals:
  - [ ] Arabic
  - [ ] Roman
  - [ ] Eastern Arabic
  - [ ] Persian variant
  - [ ] Devanagari
  - [ ] Chinese
  - [ ] Chinese (complex)
  - [ ] Bengali
  - [ ] Tamil
  - [ ] Thai
  - [ ] Burmese
  - [ ] Khmer
  - [ ] Lao
  - [ ] Hebrew
  - [ ] Georgian
  - [ ] Greek
  - [ ] Gujarati
  - [ ] Sino-Korean
  - [ ] Native Korean
  - [ ] Kanji
  - [ ] Mayan
  - [ ] Binary
  - [ ] Alphabet (A-I)
